NEXT-8493 Added missing blocks and JS plugins (#907)
shopware/shopware: CHANGELOG-6.2.md

    * Deprecated `sort` parameter for product listing, search and suggest gateway, use `order` instead
    * Added block `document_line_item_table_iterator` to `@Framework\documents\base.html.twig` to override the lineItem iterator
    * Added `StoreApiClient` which allows to send requests to `store-api` and `sales-channel-api` routes.
    * Added new Twig blocks in `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/order/index.html.twig`
        * page_checkout_aside_actions_csrf
        * page_checkout_aside_actions_payment_method_id
        * page_checkout_confirm_form_submit

>     * Added JS scripts to form in `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/order/index.html.twig`

Reviewer: This can be more specific imho
```suggestion
    * Added JS plugins `FormCsrfHandler` and `FormPreserver` to the `<form>` element in `src/Storefront/Resources/views/storefront/page/account/order/index.html.twig`
```
